# Final Project Deliverables - Signal Reconstruction from non-uniform frequency sampling

## Programming Language and Version
This project is developed using Python 3.10.11.

## Installation and Setup
1. **Environment Setup**: Ensure that Python 3.10.11 is installed on your machine. If not, install it from the [official Python website](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
2. **Install Dependencies**: Install necessary Python libraries by running `pip install -r REQUIREMENTS.txt` in your command line within the project directory.

## Configuration
- **Code File**: The main script `FINAL_PROJECT_SOURCECODE_AKS_2288613.py` should be executed.


## Dataset Information
### Input Files
- **Location**: Inputs are located in the `./input` folder.
- **Files**: The input dataset consists of three files: `Input1.wav`, `Input2.wav`, and `Input3.wav`.

### Output Files
- **Location**: Outputs are stored in the `./output` folder.
- **Description**: Outputs include graphs and plots generated by the signal reconstruction algorithm.

## File Hierarchy
- `./input`: Contains input .wav files.
- `./output`: Stores output graphs and plots.
- `REQUIREMENTS.txt`: Lists all Python libraries required for the project.
- `FINAL_PROJECT_SOURCECODE_AKS_2288613.py`: Main Python script for the project.
- `FINAL_PROJECT_SOURCECODE_AKS_2288613.ipynb`: Main Jupyter Notebook for the project.

## Usage
To run the signal reconstruction from non-uniform frequency sampling, execute the following command in your terminal:
python FINAL_PROJECT_SOURCECODE_AKS_2288613.py